
  Avatar:
Lionturtle: "The true mind can weather all the lies and illusions without bieng lost, the true heart can tough the poison
	    of heatred without bieng harmed."
Avatar Aang: "When we reach our lowest piont we are open to the greatest change."
Iroh: "It's important to draw wisdom from many places"

Bryan Konietzko: "You give these characters life and then they tell you what they want to do."



Youtubers:
Jhon Tron: "You can talk shit on Hitler all you want but you can't talk shit on his K/D ratio.  Shit's MLG." (Twitter)

NerdCubed: "Thats my advice for life, silently ignore the fucktards" (Desert Bus)
	   "Oh My god im gonna fail my exams Everyone hates me Ahh, then i would look up at the Universe and go "Oh thank fuck, it doesnt matter"
	    and then i just carry on enjoying myself" (Desert Bus Part 4 1:41:00)


Warcraft:

 Kang, Fist of First Dawn: Our Backs are hadened by the whips of the mogu. Our Arms are powerfull from building their
	 fortresses. Our minds are sharp from working along side our enemy. You think they are stronger? i say we are their strength.

Alice:
 Cheshire Cat: Only a few find the way; some don't recognize it when they do; some don't ever want to.
	       Only the foolish believe that suffering is just wages for being different.
	       Only the insane equate pain with success.
	       Only the savage regard the endurance of pain as a measure of worth.


  Other:
Zed: "Tradition is the corpse of wisdom"
Jimmy Carr: " Offense is taken not given"
James Portnow: "If your class is less interesting than the paint on the walls, you are doing it wrong" (Digital Dragons 2013, Youtube, 42:21)
Scissorlips (Suzu) : Life is a dream for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the rich, a tragedy for the poor. (http://ks.renai.us/viewtopic.php?f=52&t=6192)
someone: "The road to hell is paved with good intentions"
Ghandi: "First they ignore you, then they ridicule you, then they fight you, then you win."

  found on reddit:
"The master has failed more times that the novice has even tried."
"We judge others by their actions, but we judge ourselves by our intentions"
"A man must suffer if he is to remake himself, for he is both the marble and the sculptor."
"No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible"
"A wise man speaks because he has something to say. A fool speaks because he has to say something."
"We are all background characters in somebody else's life story"
"Most people would worry less about what people think of them if they realise how seldom they do."
"The effect you have on others is the most valuable currency there is." 
"Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future."
"You're not stuck in traffic, you are traffic."
"If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how treats his inferiors, not his equals."
"They say you die twice: Once when you take your last breathe and then again when your name is spoken for the last time"
“If there is a God, He will have to beg my forgiveness.”
"Anger is a natural emotion but carrying it, nurturing it is your choice."
"We learn the most important messages in life from people who don’t actually exist."




